# KFoldValidation

I am not particularly proud of the way the code in this project is organized.  That being said, I think overall it still shows some problem solving ability as well as dedication to learning new skills/technologies (I'd not used Pandas before this and NumPy only just).  That is why I'm making it public as something I can showcase for potential employers.  

If I was to go back and do it over again, surely I'd use OO design. I'd also just use scikit-learn libraries for the cross-validation and read the pgmPy docs thoroughly because I probably ended up doing a lot of unnecessary labor.  Live and learn.

For anyone curious, we were trying to use Bayesian networks to predict customer churn for a company whose business model is software subscriptions.  The code in this project allows the user to create a directed acyclic graph (DAG) by passing in a list of ordered-pairs that represent the directed edges between the nodes in the graph.  In addition to this DAG, the user must supply a .csv file whose collumns are a superset of the variables in the model (the graph nodes).  If these two conditions are met, the code will "train" the BN associated with the DAG by automatically constructing conditional probability tables for each node in the network and the calling the appropriate methods from pgmPy's libraries to build the network.  This network will then be cross-validated with as many folds as the user specifies.  Unique environment instantiations are caluculated only once and then their values are inserted into a symbol table to avoid redundant computation.
